[Communication] - Token - Introduce CommunicationAccessToken (#612)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-android: sdk/communication/azure-communication-common/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

## 1.0.0-beta.6 (Unreleased)
### Breaking Changes

> - Credential `getToken` returns the new `CommunicationAccessToken` instead of `AccessToken`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Credential `getToken` returns the newly added `CommunicationAccessToken` object instead of `AccessToken`.
```

### New Features

> - Introduce new `CommunicationAccessToken`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduce new class `CommunicationAccessToken`.
```
